Listen to a novel
So hungry
Ah hey
Great, there is food hehe
sit autumn
Zuoqing Zuoqing
Suoqing
Ah!
Uh-huh.
No sleep in the middle of the night
Why are you putting dragon fruit on your face?
It almost scared me to death.
Who scared you?
Feed your stools
Dragon fruit patted on the ground and didn't eat a bite
Ouch, I've never seen someone as stupid as you.
You can also hit me on the road
Eating dragon fruit can also wrestle
I really had ten lifetimes of bad luck when I met you
Thick face hurts and deserves it
And no horror novels in my house
Let me find out and just throw away your phone
Oops you can't throw my phone away
I still have a lot of delicious pictures here.
Eat and eat, you know to eat, that's right
Why are you running to my room without sleeping in the middle of the night?
This is my house. Do I need to be sneaky?
Alright. Alright.
Then you go back to sleep, hahaha.